[Music]
dekins shafa'a this youngster is three
months old and already practicing the
vital skill of leaping no one cluster of
trees is large enough to sustain a whole
family of hungry she Farkas this mother
and son need to seek out another pocket
of vegetation possibly hundreds of
meters away they must run a deadly
gauntlet
[Music]
these limestone shards stand more than a
hundred metres tall and are sharp enough
to shred human skin
[Music]
but she Farkas have thick rubbery
footpaths and spring-like legs beckoned
leap nine metres in a single bound
these lemurs have evolved into blade
runners
[Music]
[Applause]
safely across mother and son claimed
their reward but fresh juicy leads they
need to survive